# Reflective Journal - Day 1- Software Development Final Project

## Overview
Today was first class for IT6041-Final Project for my Software Development course. This is an opportunity to showcase the knowledge and skills I've acquired over the last two years. This reflective journal will show my progress, challeneges, and insights during the project. I am using Jekyll and Github pages to further my skillset whilst familiarising myself with new tools.

## Project Description

The final project consists of a Project Proposal, Project Execution, Project Presentation and Reflection. 

Steps of the project are:
1. Create a proposal. As a group, you will select the problem from the suggested areas. You may choose from the three sets of sample requirements or come up with your own. It is up to your group which one you choose. You will have some freedom within the set of requirements to make your own decisions on most aspects of the solution. 
2. Execute the proposed solution. This will involve implementing specific features in each of the applications, project management, working in multiple development environments, and arranging regular client meetings. 
3. Present the solution. Your team will present the solution to your client and peers.

As a team you must decide on the solution that would address one or more of the following:
1. sustainability, 
2. equity, 
3. social or contemporary cultural issues.

The solution should include one or more of the following:

1. mobile app
2. website
3. game 

## Progress Made
- Formed a group with Mariano
- Held a brainstorm session to discuss the project in detail
- Results:
    - Came up with Team Name
    - Discussed potential project ideas and finalised a choice
    - Agreed on Communication, Team Member Goals, Technology, Team Contract

## Challenges Faced

Project idea was daunting given the topics we had to implement and we had only a couple of hours to form an idea. After picking through a final idea from myself and one from Mariano we further discussed Marianos and came up with a slight variation on Mariano's idea adapting to fit his brothers company and thus meeting criteria of sustainability. A stock inventory web app for a solar panel company.

## Next Steps

1. I will oversee project management setup.
    - Team Contract
    - Set up Collaboration Tools + Channels
2. Mariano will approach brother to elicit more information.
3. Set Agenda for first Scrum on Monday.

Super happy with group, Me and Mariano complement each other well with equivalent skill levels and knowledge, outlook and ambitions. 




